Mary Ruth Brand would be entrepreneur, artist,
poet,
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Thank
you.
um
Thank
you. Thank
you.
All
right.
so
Okay.
Thank
you.
you. Thank
you. And,
um, you had two or three feet on the floor, and then
you, like, basically tied her under your eyes, and
she was right there in the first box at all times.
And for those kids who went in and weren't willing
to co-operate in the class, or, you know, like, put
their head down and be un-involved, or, um, try to
seek out, um, you know, students, um, and
um .
.
. Um.
Yeah.
Yeah. um
um Thank
you.
Thank
you
you for watching.
Thank
you.
um
Um,
I was getting to go home from, from my school
check-in, but they didn't tell me that, um, the
first thing they told me was that he was actually a
suspect in Florida. Um, they said that they wanted
to tell us that, and, uh, he wanted to, you know, do
that for a while, and I couldn't see him. I was
there, and I went, and I never, I never... Thank
you. They
have a lot of students from the dorms, and they have
to have a lot of room. Okay.
Thank
you. Thank
you. um
um Thank
you. Thank
you.
Thank
uh...
Okay.
.
. . . . And
the fact that he was on your head at the beginning of
the first day of the month, do you know what you're
talking to me? Do you really have to tell me the
rest? And how, you know, I see a few things up in
here. I'm going to tell you a few things about this
program. I'm going to tell you a few things about
this program. I'm going to tell you a few things
about this program. Okay.
Well,
I've been out, um, since, since I've been here,
since before I've, I've been out on people.
They're helping me because they're, they're not
doing their online, they're working all the
hours, and that, and that, and that. Um, it's hard
to talk to them, and I've got that on there. So, you
know, that's what I'm going to do. If you're going
to do your online, it's all too good, and I, I, I'm
not going to be doing it. Thank
you. Or a
fusion
chemical, or a lot of other things. You know, it
makes me feel like I have a relationship with you
now. And there's a lot of stuff in your body. But I
think of it as I'm here. But things go on, and I can't
see. I'm there in half years. Whoa. So I'm able to
control my body. And the only thing I want is for the
body to be. Okay.
um
All
right. All right. .
. . . . Thank
you.
um
Thank
you.
um
And...
.
. . . . Thank
you. . .
. . And
it took
me about two and a half days to lay me down on the
floor and lay me down on the floor and lay me down on
the floor and lay me down on the floor and lay me
down. And
then I was like, oh, no way. And then I was like, oh, I
had no idea. And then I was like, oh, I had no idea.
Thank
you. Thank
you.
Okay.
Thank
you.
...
... ... ... Thank
you. Thank
you. My
dad was just a little bit older than I was. It was
great. I love it. I mean, I've heard the case. I'm
sure I've seen it before. You've seen it now. I
mean, I've tried to look. It was tough when I first
got that case. I mean, it's kind of a crazy thing.
I've learned it a lot before. I've seen it a lot. .
. . . . .
. . . . um
Thank
you. How
about you?
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Thank
you.
you
.
. . . .
. I
have a question. .
. . . . . I
want to ask you a question. .
. . . . . . um
Thank
you. And
if you think there's an absolute cost, we have an
answer to that, and we don't have to worry about
that. If you have an absolute cost, we can all just
do those things, work over it, and we can all try to
bring these things together. um
.
. . . . Okay.